# Love cycling
## Overview
Love cycling is a website that seeks to encourage folks to meet for cycling as a social fitness activity as well as build a close-knit community of cyclists in Bonn, Germany. It provides details about meeting times, meeting locations, and the different cycling tracks. It also provides a way for users to register for cycling events.

Add *AmIResponsive Screens*

## Website structure & features
- __Navigation Bar__
  - Featured on all three pages, the full responsive navigation bar includes links to the Logo, Home page, Gallery and Sign Up page and is identical in each page to allow for easy navigation.
  - This section will allow users to easily navigate from page to page across all devices without having to revert back to the previous page via the ‘back’ button.

- __The landing page image__
  - The landing includes a photograph with text overlay to allow the user to see exactly which location this site would be applicable to.
  - This section introduces users to Love Cycling with an eye catching image to grab their attention.

- __Club Ethos Section__
  - The club ethos section will allow users to see the benefits of joining the Love Cycling meetups, as well as the benefits of cycling overall.
  - Here users will see the value of signing up for the Love Cycling meetups. This should encourage users to consider cycling as their preferred form of exercise.

- __Meetup Times section__
  - This section will allow users to see exactly when the meetups will happen, where they will be located and how long the cycling will be in kilometers.
  - This section will be updated as these times change to keep users up to date.

- __The Footer__ 
  - The footer section includes links to the relevant social media sites for Love Cycling. The links will open to a new tab to allow easy navigation for the user.
  - The footer is valuable to users as it encourages them to keep connected via social media.
  - The footer is available throughout the pages of the website.

- __The Gallery__
- The gallery shows users inspiring pictures of bikes and cyclists in action to motivate users about the Love Cycling club.

- __The Sign Up Page__
- This page will allow users to get signed up to Love Cycling to start their cycling journey with the community. Users will be able specify if they would like to take part in city, trail/hill or both types of cycling tracks. Users will be asked to submit their full name and email address.

### Features yet to be implemented
  - The Sign Up form is yet to be linked to an email inbox to enable proactive monitoring of user registration requests

## Testing

### Validator Testing
The site has been extensively tested to ensure that there are no broken links, there is proper responsiveness on all screen sizes and the site has high accessibility rating:

!Add lighthouse scores

- HTML
  - No errors were returned when passing through the official [W3C validator](https://validator.w3.org/nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fomandila.github.io%2Flove-cycling%2Findex.html)
- CSS
  - No errors were found when passing through the official [(Jigsaw) validator](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fomandila.github.io%2Flove-cycling%2Findex.html&profile=css3svg&usermedium=all&warning=1&vextwarning=&lang=en)

### Unfixed Bugs
  - The Hero image appears cropped out when the website is loaded on large screens.

## Deployment
  - The site was deployed to GitHub pages. The steps to deploy are as follows: 
  - In the GitHub repository, navigate to the Settings tab 
  - From the source section drop-down menu, select the Master Branch
  - Once the master branch has been selected, the page will be automatically refreshed with a detailed ribbon display to indicate the successful deployment.

The live link is:- https://omandila.github.io/love-cycling/

## Credits
### Content
- The text for the Home page was tweaked from the Code Institute Love Running Project
- Instructions on how to implement flexbox styling, media queries for responsive mobile-first design and form validation on the Sign Up page was taken from HTML/CSS part of the [Code Institute Diploma in Full-Stack Software Development program](https://codeinstitute.net/de/full-stack-software-development-diploma/)
- The icons in the footer were taken from [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/)

### Media
All images were generated by Bing Image Creator powered by DALL.E 3
Content credentials: Generated with AI ∙ November, 2023.





© 2023 Oliver Mandila. All rights reserved.